docs: add notice about upload-client (#729)
uploadcare/uploadcare-widget: README.md

or make use of its standalone components that
can be combined with your solutions.

### UploadClient

If you need only upload api, you might try [upload-client][github-upload-client]

> 7.3kB library for uploading files for node and browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Upload API directly and don't need a widget, try [upload-client][github-upload-client] — a 7.3 kB JS library for uploading files.
```

Reviewer: But @Bishibop can make it better, for sure.
